# Predicting_Macroeconomic_Trends
This project deals with a dataset containing anonymous resources related to a time variable value for a financial instrument. Each instrument has an id. Time is represented by the 'timestamp' feature and the variable to predict is 'y'. No additional information will be provided about the meaning of the resources, the transformations that have been applied to them, the timescale or the type of instruments that are included in the data. In addition, according to the rules, students should not use data other than site-linked data.

How can we use the world's tools and intelligence to predict economic outcomes that can never be fully predictable? This issue is at the heart of countless economic activities around the world - including Two Sigma Investments, which has been applying technology and systematic strategies to financial trading since 2001. For over 15 years, Two Sigma has been at the forefront of technology application. and data science to financial forecasts. While their pioneering advances in big data, artificial intelligence, and machine learning in the financial world have driven the market, as with all other scientific advances, they are continually driving progress. Economic opportunity depends on being able to provide uniquely accurate forecasts in a world of uncertainty. By accurately forecasting financial movements, you will learn about scientifically oriented approaches to unlocking significant predictive capabilities. Two Sigma is excited to find predictive value and gain a better understanding of the skills offered by the global data science crowd.
For this project, we recommend using the R language with the
dataset available here:
https://www.kaggle.com/c/two-sigma-financial-modeling/
This data set contains anonymous resources related to a time-varying value for a financial instrument. Each instrument has an id. Time is represented by the 'timestamp' feature and the variable to predict is 'y'. No additional information will be provided about the meaning of the resources, the transformations that have been applied to them, the timescale or the type of instruments that are included in the data. In addition, according to the rules, students should not use data other than site-linked data.
The data is saved and accessed as a .h5 file. We use the .h5 file format instead of the standard .csv format for faster read speeds. The training set file is available for download and offline modeling. The test suite is not available for download.
